# Creating an Application Network Profile using APIs in Cisco ACI #

In this Learning Lab you will learn the basics of creating Tenants, VRFs, Bridge Domains, and Application Network Profiles using the Cisco Application Policy Infrastructure Controller open APIs. You will run these tasks manually through the GUI to capture the API calls from API Inspector within ACI. Then you'll save the payload to run later to create more application network profiles through the APIs.

Note: You don't have to run API Inspector if you already have XML or JSON code to put in the REST client or in a python script using API calls. You can come up with this code using documentation found through Cisco or in https://github.com/datacenter/ACI.

## Objective ##

Completion Time: 45 minutes

* Understand how to capture API calls from API Inspector
* Use Postman REST client to save API calls for later use
* Use Postman REST client to make API calls to create various constructs in ACI

## Prerequisites

* Download and install Postman from Chrome Web Store for free: https://www.getpostman.com/ - If you're at DevNet Postman may already be installed.
* A browser that will allow you to connect to the APIC GUI such as Chrome, Firefox, or IE.

**Background**
* We recommend that you complete the [Coding 101 Rest Basics Learning Lab](/#/labs/coding-101-rest-basics/step/1) before you start this lab.
* You also want to have a basic understanding of Application Centric Infrastructure and the terminology used in an ACI context.


## Step 1. Login to APIC and Open Postman

1. In the browser navigate to the `https://IP_Address_APIC`
	* IP address will be provided by lab moderator

2. Login to the APIC
    * Username and password provided by lab moderator

3. You will also want to open the Postman application
    * In Windows 7 open the Start Menu
    * In the search type Postman
    * Click on Postman to open it
